-Good morning!
What's in the bag?
Clothes.
Why?
Let me stay over.
I had a fight with my dad this morning.
Because of Chitose?
Yeah.
How long are you staying?
Three days, at least.
It's spring holiday from tomorrow.
I guess you can stay with me.
I need to tell her in advance.
Long time no see, Akasawa.
Long time no see.
Sorry for showing up
here as a third wheel...
Ouch!
I was just joking.
Sorry for the intrusion.
No, don't worry about it.
More people means more fun.
It's only going to get
noisier with him here.
Don't say that.
Please sit down and have a chat.
I'll go prepare dinner.
You must really like her
to give her a spare key.
Shut up.
It's delicious.
Thank you.
You are so lucky that you get
to taste meals like this every day, Amane.
I know that.
The dinner is great as ever.
Thank you!
Well...
What?
No, never mind.
The way you look at her all dreamily...
And you say you don't fancy her?
Shut up.
Well, can't expect you to
be honest with yourself.
Most people in class think you are
a gloomy guy with not much presence.
I know that.
They're only judging you by your looks,
not knowing the real you.
But Shiina sees what's inside you
and gets along with you.
And that makes me happy.
She puts a lot of trust in you.
Why don't you hear her out
and try to believe...
what she has to say about you?
Is that so?
It's not fair only Itsuki gets it!
I want to taste Mahiru's cooking too!
It's no use telling me. Go ask Shiina.
Fine, I'll go ask her!
So here I am!
That was fast.
I couldn't wait for another second knowing
that I can have a sleepover with Mahiru.
A sleepover?
It's the spring holiday after all.
And Mahiru didn't object.
She succumbed to Chitose's pressure.
I really look forward to
Mahiru's cooking!
Itsuki!
-I missed you so much!
-Don't worry. I'm okay with it.
-Were you lonely?
-I was, Chi!
Do you need help?
I'm so excited to try Mahiru's cooking.
Are you making excuses to see me?
I guess you aren't too comfortable there.
Those two are too lovey-dovey.
By the way, what's for lunch?
Omelet rice, Chitose said she wants it.
You like eggs too, right?
Eggs are nice.
You make great egg dishes.
I'm looking forward to it.
What is it?
I'm happy to hear that.
But you can't say that all of a sudden...
What are you saying?
Never mind.
And they say they're not dating.
I don't understand.
Yeah.
It was delicious!
You sure can make anything, Shiina.
A fluffy omelet!
How did you manage to keep
the omelet shape with the creamy insides?
Thanks to the one who
taught me how to cook.
Can I be as good as you
if I learn from the same teacher?
You can make decent food if you control
your curiosity and your adventurousness.
Not just for when you cook,
but can't you chill out a bit in general?
You have a great model right next to you.
I can't become like Mahiru here.
It'd be suffocating.
You are being rude to Shiina.
But when you are at school,
you seem bored.
Do I?
I can't be sure because we
are not in the same class.
Instead of being bored,
I'd say you look like you are
watching everyone from far away.
But you look awfully cute now, Mahiru.
I can see this is the real you.
I prefer this version of you.
I think you can be more honest.
Then Amane'll be able to pamper you.
Amane always pampers
those he's close with.
He'll fall head over heels for you
if you depend on him.
I won't!
That kind of thing will never happen.
Really?
You can use the bathroom.
LOOK! MAHIRU IS SUPER CUTE
Chitose?
That idiot!
Chi texted me to take a picture of
you for commemorative purposes.
It's just a guy's photo.
That's okay, right?
Yeah, but what's the point
of taking a picture of me?
There is a point.
Itsuki left the next day
after three days at my place.
It seems he'll be staying at
Chitose's home for a day or two.
Th-The teddy bear?
I saw the picture of you
with the teddy bear.
It seems you really treasure it.
Of course.
You gave it to me as a gift after all.
Don't worry. I cherish it very dearly.
I pat it and clean it every day.
And I hug it into sleep at night...
Just ignore that!
Please forget about what I said!
I can't forget it now.
I'll feel bothered.
Hugging a teddy bear into sleep
makes me sound like a child.
Actually, it sounds very cute
to me when I picture it.
Please don't picture it.
You have to tell me
something embarrassing too.
It's not fair to me.
If you don't tell me,
I'll text Akasawa and ask him.
When did you exchange contacts?
Chitose told me, so I chatted with him.
And yesterday he sent the picture...
No, nothing!
Enough of that.
Hey, your phone is ringing.
Okay.
Mahiru?
No, it's nothing.
Please don't mind me.
You are charmless,
just like him.
There's nothing more
infuriating than that.
It'd be better if you
resembled me a bit more.
But you just had to be like him.
Never mind.
We won't see each other anymore
once you graduate from university.
It's pointless to worry
about those things now.
Just mail the necessary
documents like usual.
Okay.
That's all.
Don't bother me with anything
unnecessary anymore.
Were you listening?
I'm sorry.
Who... is she?
Sayo Shiina, my mother.
Just so you know, she's always been
like that, and I'm used to it.
She has always hated me
ever since I was born.
It's always been like this,
so don't worry about me.
Stay with me.
I'm fine.
You don't have to worry about me.
I said that because
I want to be with you.
It's not an interesting topic.
Do you want to hear?
My parents didn't get married for love.
I'll spare you the details.
They got married simply because of
family matters and mutual interests.
They never wanted a child.
I was an accident.
Since my mother gave birth to me,
they had no choice
but to financially support me.
I don't think they had
any intention to raise me...
No intention to raise you...
They almost never came home.
Even when they did,
they saw it as a hotel.
I rarely saw them since I was little.
I don't remember them doing
anything typical of a parent.
Those who raised me
are actually the housekeepers.
My parents gave me money and
didn't bother with anything else.
And they said they don't need me.
No matter how hard I worked
and how well I behaved,
they never cared for me.
They don't care about me at all.
Even though I'm pretty,
good at studying, and capable of sports
and housework,
they never once cared for me.
I'm working so hard
even though it's all in vain.
It's so foolish of me, right?
Even though it will go unnoticed.
They can't get a divorce because of me.
Neither of them wants to be my guardian.
That's why they are waiting
for me to graduate from university.
Once I'm independent,
I won't have any relation
to them anymore.
That's...
When my mother told
me that I'm not wanted,
I was truly hurt.
I had to wallow in my despair
out in the rain on a swing.
They should have never had me
if I were such a burden to them.
Amane?
I think I understand how you
became who you are now.
Are you saying I'm not cute?
No, I'm not.
I mean you are patient and
not willing to show your vulnerability.
I won't discuss your family.
It's your family matters, after all.
I'll pretend not to see.
So you can cry if you want.
You'll feel suffocated
holding all those emotions in.
Will you keep it a secret for me?
What are you talking about?
Then lend me your shoulder for a moment.
You looked at me after all.
You were leaning against my chest.
There was nothing I could do.
I tried not to look at you
when you started crying.
Amane.
What?
Thank you.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Could you lend me
your chest one more time?
What should I do from now on?
They won't look at me
no matter how hard I try.
It's the same with the others.
Everybody likes the Angel, Mahiru Shiina.
They want to see me as the angel.
But nobody needs the real me.
I'm paying the price for my own doing...
Isn't that silly?
The real me is not cute at all.
I'm timid and selfish,
and I have an unpleasant personality.
I'm not attractive in any way.
I like that somewhat.
There are moments when you are not cute.
But more than that,
I find you cute and I want to protect you.
I like that you are forthright.
You wouldn't even be worrying about
this if you were a mean person.
You are too pessimistic.
Don't put yourself down.
There's a person right here who
knows the real you and still likes you.
No! Chitose and the others
must feel the same way!
I didn't mean anything by it.
It's not just me, but my parents,
Chitose and Itsuki.
We like you when you are not the angel
and we enjoy our time with you.
You are more... how do I put it...
You are more pleasant than you think.
Why are you crying again?
I feel fortunate.
Or rather, you've been
unfortunate up until now.
You can be a bit more selfish.
Can I ask you for a favor?
Go ahead.
You are the only one who can do this.
Please watch over me.
I see how hard you work.
It feels like you'll disappear
once I look away.
So I will.
Keep me close by your side.
I'll hold your hand then.
For today...
Please hold me with your whole body.
What's wrong?
It's just...
I feel embarrassed that
you saw my pitiful appearance.
I don't mind that at all.
But I do.
You should learn how to rely on others.
Because you are not alone.
Not alone?
I'm right next to you.
And Itsuki, Chitose, and my parents.
Don't forget there are people
who care about you.
Do you too?
Do you care about me too?
Of course.
We've been together for so long.
Of course, I care about you...
I see...
Amane, should we take a walk outside?
We're going back to school soon.
Yeah, we'll change classes soon.
That's a bit of a downer.
But I'm looking forward to
my new class though.
Because you might be
in the same class as Chitose?
Mahiru...
I want to thank you again, properly.
I received so much from you.
I didn't do anything great.
But it's very important to me.
I'm so lucky to have you by my side.
I wouldn't be able to endure it alone.
I see.
Please keep your promise
and watch over me.
Don't look anywhere else.
Okay...
But I can't see you now.
I'll get mad if you look at me now.
That's unreasonable.
She's making it harder
for me not to like her.
It's spectacular.
I don't really like cherry blossoms...
More exactly, I don't like spring.
The entrance ceremony...
and the graduation ceremony...
I was always all alone.
No one held my hand.
No one walked with me.
That's why I don't like spring.
It reminds me
how terrible it is to be alone.
You have me with you now.
Yeah.
It's only me for today.
You'll have to make do.
I'm not making do.
Sorry.
No, I didn't mean it like that.
I mean this is not something
like a compromise.
I see...
I'm glad I came here with you.
I think I'm starting
to like cherry blossoms.
NEXT EPISODE